Fix session join requirements documentation (#14416)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/server-access/guides/tsh.mdx

$ tsh join <session_ID>
```

The Teleport user joining the session must have a `join_sessions` policy set up that allows
them to join sessions created by the other user. If `joe` has a role named `access`, the other

> user needs have a role with a policy as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user needs have a role with a policy as shown below:
```

> More detailed information about `join_sessions` policies can be found in the [role reference](../../access-controls/reference.mdx) and [moderated sessions guide](../../access-controls/guides/moderated-sessions.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more detailed information about `join_sessions` policies in the [role reference](../../access-controls/reference.mdx) and [Moderated Sessions guide](../../access-controls/guides/moderated-sessions.mdx).
```

> More detailed information about `join_sessions` policies can be found in the [role reference](../../access-controls/reference.mdx) and [moderated sessions guide](../../access-controls/guides/moderated-sessions.mdx).

Reviewer: I also think we should move this sentence into a separate paragraph below the code snippet, so we go directly from "as shown below" to the snippet.
